last night Jesse and Chester had the
most unforgettable time of their lives
but this morning dude where's my car
they can't remember a thing I had a
really good time with you last night if
you see my car my eyes out of the
backseat oh I'm talking about the whole
thing now the only way to find their car
no way we were here that night
[Music]
is to find out what they did
they did it to jr. dude last night you
guys got more important things to worry
about where were you between the hours
of midnight 2 a.m. don't remember hey
leave him alone he doesn't know anything
we're the recipients of instructions
from outer space last night you were in
possession of the continuum
transfunctioner hey if you guys have
been to Uranus go ahead and laugh we are
used to being bombed
are you Jesse and Chester
I don't know why perhaps we will give
you pleasure that sauce right here if
you give us the continuum
transfunctioner 20th Century Fox
presents the ultimate theory
[Music]
my god what does mine say we what about
mine dude what
[Music]